they're using the suspect it also has
vibration
bull sharks are real opportunists eating
a massive array of food most of the time
that's fish but they will feed on other
sharks mammals birds at the surface and
even Turtles the Sun sets above us the
shark's body language begins to change
their movements are less Language and
lazy more mean and menacing
three down
approaching tops these animals have a
totally different attitude about them
it's clear that now they're ready
the currents running quite Rosenman
having to hang on to the book away
there's something about them now that's
truly chilling the noses down they seem
twitchy poised ready to explode I'm not
so worried about the Sharks I can see
it's the ones I can't
genuine earthly words when you wish you
had eyes in the Buckey ahead
I keep spinning around and catching
something in the edge of my fear and
it's a sharp they're coming right in
behind you like that Wow
they are some of the most fancy of all
sharks
it feels like it might be time to head
for the surface
it is kind of incredible but we can be
swimming in these sea surrounded by bull
sharks just a few minutes in that
direction they're a turn rushing around
happily on the beach kids just going to
show these animals are actually really
really I'm cutely aware of everything in
their environment they know where no
food otherwise